bpo-33710: Deprecate l*gettext() and related functions in the gettext module. (#10139)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.8.rst

  versions. :class:`~ast.Constant` should be used instead.
  (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka in :issue:`32892`.)

> * Functions :func:`~gettext.lgettext`, :func:`~gettext.ldgettext`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following functions are deprecated: :func:`~gettext.lgettext`, :func:`~gettext.ldgettext`,
```

Author: How to conform it with the ending of this sentence? "... in the gettext module and corresponding methods of the NullTranslations and GNUTranslations classes."

Reviewer: I think it reads okay, but GitHub sure doesn't make it easy to review.  I wish I could just expand the file at that position.

  :func:`~gettext.lngettext` and :func:`~gettext.ldngettext` in the
  :mod:`gettext` module and corresponding methods of the
  :class:`~gettext.NullTranslations` and :class:`~GNUTranslations` classes.

>   They return encoded bytes, and it's possible that you may get unexpected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  They return encoded bytes, and it's possible that you will get unexpected
```

  Unicode-related exceptions if there are encoding problems with the
  translated strings. It's much better to use alternatives which return

>   Unicode strings in Python 3.  Further, they were broken for long time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Unicode strings in Python 3. These functions have been broken for a long time.
```

  Function :func:`~gettext.bind_textdomain_codeset`, methods
  :meth:`~gettext.NullTranslations.output_charset` and
  :meth:`~gettext.NullTranslations.set_output_charset`, and the *codeset*
  parameter of functions :func:`~gettext.translation` and

>   :func:`~gettext.install` are also depreted, since they are only used for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :func:`~gettext.install` are also deprecated, since they are only used for
```
